But how could my flying dance know Ye Chang?
Ok ok I got it
The thing you asked me to check is still a while away
Wait a minute.
Then keep checking
Let me know as soon as you find anything.
About Lin Zhiwei
What is the quotation for the exhibition cooperated by Lin's and Haiyue?
Can make a fuss
OK
You are only for Shen Lang
Fight with us
overreach
Today at Jinxiang Pavilion
Ye Cheng said that Miss Shen admires you very much
Is that so?
I don't know.
Okay, stop thinking about it.
I have to go to work tomorrow
Let's sleep
Hey that
Is the shopkeeper's quotation ready?
Count it down and let me take a look.
This quotation is too expensive, right?
A lot of these things are unnecessary
Why don't you take it back and do it all?
This budget cannot exceed 300,000
Lin Ziwei
After you became a supervisor, you floated, didn't you?
I'll tell you what.
I will not redo this plan.
And I have already reported the goods to Haiyun.
They satisfied us.
What? Who asked you to automatically advocate reporting it?